Patriarch. Pioneer.
Icon.
That's what they used to call me.
but now I'm...
It's just journalists
trying to sell papers.
I'm a laughing stock with a weak heart.
And a wife
who slept with his daughter.
I've lost my touch.
Things are going to get worse
when this thing with Grace goes public.
I can't believe she...
I'm sorry you had to find out like that.
But. like. I thought you needed to know.
I can't have any more of these failures.
I need to do something...
something big.
Like what?
We're getting married
at the end of this week.
- Bab' Don...
- It's going to be a wedding of the decade.
A reminder that Don Bhengu still got it.
Imagine the headline...
"Don Bhengu weds the Face
of Bhengu!"
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
How could you do that to Thando?
Really. Phila?
Your father kicked us out
and you want to talk about Thando.
- You aborted her child.
- Don't be crude!
Your father and I were a team.
And then he decided he wants more.
More children. more wives. more bastard...
That doesn't justify what you did.
- I wanted him to suffer. Phila.
- And what about her?
- What about Thando?
- She needed to know her place. Okay?
Ma. I need you to talk to her.
Apologize.
The only thing I need to figure out
is how to deal with your father.
I am serious. Ma.
It's either you apologize
or you're on your own.
Hi. babe.
Hi.
Thando?
Hey. what's wrong?
Are you all right?
I know you're not going
to like this. but...
What?
I saw Zinhle.
- Thando.
- Yes. I know. I know.
But you have to hear this.
Okay...
Don asked Zinhle to marry him.
- What?
- She said yes.
No. no. why would
my Dad marry Zinhle? That...
I don't know.
That's insane. I ca... I can't allow that.
- Who are you calling?
- My father.
I can't allow it to happen.
Yeah. I'm still blocked. Listen.
why... why would he marry Zinhle?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
I found the girl
who filmed us at Emerald.
She gave me a name
and number of who hired her.
I just need to find him.
So. you still think that Zinhle
is behind everything?
Yeah. I... I just need to piece
everything together right now.
Marry her?
I knew that girl was up to something.
Good morning. Bab' Don.
You're about to be my wife.
Please call me Ngcolosi.
Ngcolosi.
I was thinking...
"The wedding of the decade" needs
at least three months of preparation.
That way you get maximum publicity and
you and I can
get to know each other better.
We can always get to know
each other after our wedding.
I'm not about to give Grace
time to spin the story.
One thing I'm not doing...
...is waiting three
months before sleeping with you.
Thomas?
Take those bags to the main bedroom.
I've got something for you.
Give me your hand.
Stunning!
Please do show it off at the shoot.
I don't have a shoot today.
Our wedding announcement shoot.
Look. I don't mean to be rude.
but what do you guys want?
Ma.
If it's about Zinhle and Dad.
we already know. so save it.
No. it's not that.
Okay.
Ma. say something.
I came to apologize for what I did to you.
Well. you've done a lot of things to me.
What exactly are you apologizing for?
Specifically for the loss of your child.
What? Babe. what is she on about? Why...
Baby?
Why are you apologizing for that. Grace?
Because it wasn't a miscarriage.
She put a pill in my drink.
Thando. I'm so sorry.
I was angry with Don. and I took...
Whoa!
Did you know. Phila?
No. I found out last night
when we were kicked out.
What?
Yes. we've all been kicked out.
Look. Zinhle recorded your conversation
and she played it back for Baba.
I just wanted Ma
to come and apologize to you.
You call that an apology?
I think it's best you both leave.
Now.
I'm sorry that we bothered you.
Why didn't you tell me?
Grace would've
made my life hell if I told anyone.
I would've protected you.
I'd have protected you
and you know it.
I know.
And if I told my father.
he definitely would've
kicked her out sooner.
Well. then I would've
been forced to have kids with him.
You know. baby...
You know. you... you're the best thing
that has ever happened to me.
And if I'd had to have kids with him...
this was not going to happen.
Um. sorry. it's Zandi.
Yeah. it's okay.
She says...
she's going to help us
find out who this Bonga person is.
Will you be okay here alone?
You sure?
Yeah. go.
♪ All my love scattered everywhere ♪
♪ What do you care? ♪
♪ What seemed so sweet
Turned into a nightmare ♪
♪ I was so scared ♪
♪ The beating stops and I panic ♪
♪ Then I become so mechanic... ♪
Things are getting
out of hand. It's a mess.
You know. I didn't think
he'd get rid of Grace.
But when he did. I thought. "Great."
I thought it would
be easier to get a confession from him.
Okay.
What's going on? Talk.
He wants to marry me.
By the end of this week.
Are you listening to yourself?
So. you marry him at the end
of the week and then what? Hmm?
You know how Don is.
And knowing him. he's going to want more.
Sister... what are you going to do?
Do you remember the day we had
Amahle's cleansing. you told me that
you want Don to suffer. Remember?
I know.
But he's not the one
who is suffering now.
We are suffering!
My sister...
- we're losing ourselves here.
- Bonga. I'll make a plan.
Okay. okay.
Listen.
There's something you need to know.
Cleansing.
What are you talking about?
Thanks. brother.
I think I know how
we'll get a confession from Don.
Zinhle?
I'll call you.
Zee?
Yeah.
Just draw something
up for me in the meantime
and then we'll finalize later. yeah?
Cool.
Okay. one down.
What you working on?
I am looking for the best
divorce lawyers in the country.
For whose divorce?
Yours. Isn't that
what you're going to do. start over?
Son. I really don't have
the energy to start over.
Okay. Then what are you going to do?
There's something I never told you...
...about how
we started the company.
Your father and I
were going to co-own it fifty-fifty.
But he went behind my back...
...and registered everything in his name.
I convinced myself
that what's his was also mine.
But he never let me forget who was boss.
This time he has gone too far.
He'll never change.
Okay. Well. isn't that
why you should divorce him?
So you can get back your dignity
and half of what's yours?
Did you say "half"?
No. my child. I don't do half.
I want everything.
and you're going to help me
run Bhengu Beauty. the right way.
The way it should be.
- Hello.
- Hi. Bonga.
Who is this?
There's an emergency with Vee.
You're the only one
in her contacts who answered.
What happened?
She's at 31 George Street.
Hurry!
Ah Mr. Bhengu. welcome back.
Your table.
The usual.
- Hey.
- Hey. Mr. Don. how're you doing?
I see you took my advice
about grooming your beard.
I learned from the best.
Thank you.
What?
You seem a little tense.
Are you okay?
This is not really my style.
You're about to be Mrs. Bhengu.
So I asked the stylist
to dress you the part.
Ngcolosi.
I like the sound of that.
Are you ready to order?
Can we have five minutes. please?
It's been a rough couple of months.
Feels like this dark cloud
is just hanging over everything.
That's all over now.
I feel the darkness
of what Mam' Grace did to Thando.
And I still have nightmares
of when she tried to kill me.
I'd feel safer if we had
a spiritual cleansing before our wedding.
Cleansing?
Yeah. a fresh start.
We don't need that.
Ngcolosi...
a cleansing before a new beginning
will make me feel protected.
Please.
Okay. we'll do it.
Waiter?
Anyone here?
Hello?
Are you close?
Put Vee on the line.
I can't. she OD'd.
OD'd?
Yes. she's regaining consciousness.
but we can't leave her alone.
Vee doesn't do drugs.
What?
Greetings.
Your greeting is well received.
You may come in.
The ancestors are here.
They want to speak now.
But they refuse to talk with her here.
Leave. Zinhle.
Of course.
Your ancestors
are showing me your path.
They're showing me your future.
Your journey has led you to a crossroads.
One path leads
to even more power and wealth.
But the other...
Where does it lead to?
I see lotions. children and an old house.
Do these things mean anything to you?
No. nothing.
Your ancestors say you're lying.
They want you to come clean.
I don't know what you're talking about.
There are children crying
and a great fire.
- Let's get out of here.
- Why? What happened?
In the car. Zinhle!
Makhosi.
I know that you have
been through a lot in your life.
But don't you ever make me lie
about the ancestors again.
Here.
- That woman's a quack.
- What did she say?
Hello. Simphiwe.
Can you come to the house?
Yes. straight away. please.
Thank you.
Peter. drive.
What's up?
We lost our only contact.
Still have his number?
He's not going to answer.
It's not about whether he is going
to answer or not. I was thinking...
...maybe you can
find someone to get his address
that's linked to his phone number.
Surely he must have provided it.
Why didn't I think of that?
- Thanks. babe.
- Ah-ah-ah.
You're amazing.
I know.
♪ Not a nigga you can play with
Keep a stone on me like David ♪
♪ I can tell you how my day went
I woke up and got to the cake. yes ♪
♪ Money talk. favorite conversation
Do a lot. I don't really say shit ♪
♪ I swear I ain't hopped out a spaceship
Niggas bite tryna do the same shit ♪
♪ I don't mind
I know niggas try to get to the top ♪
♪ Just to get they name out there ♪
♪ I just make some sacrifices that
I know they won't make. so it's not fair ♪
Ah!
Hey! Ai!
Oh...
There is a spirit of vengeance.
It's coming after you.
I don't know
if it's in the physical world.
or the spiritual world.
It's protected by pure souls.
Can you help me?
Like I said.
it is protected by pure souls.
I don't know if I'll be able to help you.
You'll be well compensated...
as usual.
I'll be able to help you
only if it reveals itself.
Do it.
Yeah!
The driver's waiting for you downstairs.
It's always
good to see you. my friend.
Yeah. it's always great
to do business with you.
If you need me...
...you know where to find me.
How did it go?
Perfectly.
See. there's no need to worry
about dark spirits anymore now.
What are these?
Something to cleanse and protect us.
We're going to take this
together going forward.
Ah...
The wedding announcement
is going out tomorrow.
Prepare for well wishes.
I can't wait.
Grab a few of these for yourself.
Great. see you soon.
Oh. Son. there you are.
I need you to bring
all the board members here tomorrow.
Make sure they don't know
they've all been invited.
I can do that now.
Where are you going?
Doctor's appointment.
- After hours?
- Exactly!
Okay.
You know. this man
thinks the wedding
will fix his reputation.
The reputation that you have ruined?
Yes.
What am I going to do now?
I'm going to tell you what I did.
I went to the police and told
them that Don murdered Kolobe.
Bonga.
I specifically told you that we cannot
be talking to the police.
What are we supposed to do?
What are we going to do because
I'm getting mysterious calls about Vee?
No. We need help.
This could ruin everything.
Look. Detective Selekane
is a trustworthy man.
How can you be so sure?
My boss referred me to him.
They are friends.
And he told me that
the detective will investigate
and make an arrest.
He will arrest Don
and have him locked up in prison.
I don't know about this.
For once in our lives.
let me take care of us. Please.
Fine.
But I can't make any
sudden moves with Don.
He has to think everything
is moving forward as planned.
- Top up?
- Yeah. thanks. babe.
Oh my gosh!
What?
What is it?
Dad's wedding announcement.
They're getting married
the day after tomorrow.
Why are they in such a hurry?
He was going to get married
after the heart attack anyway.
I just
don't know what's in it for Zinhle.
No. I can't let this happen.
We need to find out
who this Bonga person is ASAP.
because I... I just know Zinhle
is behind this somehow.
So. how close are you?
Zandi's friend says she can get us
a current address by tomorrow. So...
Okay.
Uh... Detective.
I got a message
that you wanted to see me.
Hey. man.
I spoke to your boss
at the security company.
About?
Mm.
This whole incident seems
to have caused you a lot of stress.
Hmm.
Don't you want some time off?
I'm not stressed. I don't need time off.
You do.
Hey. man.
Take a few days off. Eh? It comes with...
...full pay!
Huh?
With bonus. of course.
Zinhle. I really messed up.
I need to disappear for a while.
I need to see you before I leave.
All the major
media networks have confirmed already.
That's fantastic.
Oh. sorry.
- I've got to take this.
- Sure.
Aw. pre-wedding jitters?
Yeah. Yeah.
Don't worry about it.
Everything's going to be perfect.
- Uh...
- Yeah.
Duty calls.
I'll see you later.
- What baby wants...
- Baby gets!
I actually need a charger.
Of course. you can use mine.
Now. let's get you ready in that dress.
- Okay.
- You must be so excited!
Ma?
Yes. son. is it done?
Yep.
Wonderful.
Sit down.
Let me tell you
exactly how this is going to play out.
Is it a current address?
Perfect. thanks.
Babe. I got an address.
- Really? Where is it?
- Yes.
It's in Soweto.
We also got a surname.
- It's Selepe.
- Oh. that's... that's great.
Thank you.
You're coming with me. right?
Yeah.
Okay.
How do you know Kolobe?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Then why are you
bothering Detective Selekane...
...about his death
How much do you want?
I don't want your money.
I want to see you and Grace
in prison for what you did.
And what exactly did we do?
This thing Grace and I did.
You don't remember?
I'm one of the children
you tested bleaches on.
And then you burned us alive.
Remember that?
And you survived the fire?
Yes.
It's over Don.
Please don't shoot.
I'm so sorry.
No? You...
You don't remember?
No.
I was just a young boy.
I tried to run away.
You caught me
and burned me like some animal.
You don't remember that?
I'm sorry.
Hey!
Don't come closer!
You don't remember anything at all?
See. everything I do...
the women. the houses.
the trips. the cars...
...it's all to make me forget.
You want me
to feel sorry for you?
- I don't want you to pity me.
- What do you want?
- Just go ahead and shoot me. Shoot me!
- Hey!
I deserve to die.
God knows. I look forward to it.
You... you don't deserve to be a killer.
I destroyed your life.
Don. Don. Don... Don!
I don't want to do it again.
Just lower the gun.
I will repent.
I will do what you think is right.
Just lower the gun. son.
I will take my punishment.
Mm!
And it is dripping from head to toe.
Fits like a glove. right?
It does. Actually. let me take a video.
Mmm... Get a little bit of you
fluffing your dress.
Yes. girl. You looking so fly!
May I please...
may I please have my phone.
Oh. yes.
There you go.
Thank you.
Let's fluff up here in the back.
Zinhle. I really messed up.
I need to disappear for a while.
Please come see me before I leave.
Can somebody please
get me out of this dress?
Somebody. please.
get me out of this dress right now.
Oh. shit.
I think that's
the house there on the right.
- Yes?
- Yeah.
- What is Dad doing here?
- What?
Thando. what is Dad doing here?
I think that's your daughter.
Ah. fuck.
What is he doing here?
Dad!
What are you doing here?
- You can't be here! Just go!
- Dad. just please. Listen
Dad!
Bonga. answer your phone.
Ladies and gentlemen.
I know you're all confused
why you're here.
It will be very clear.
In front of you are
confidential medical records. open them.
I've been hiding
my husband's secret for a year.
but he's getting worse.
and there's nothing I can do to help him.
He's fired two CEOs
in less than two months.
And suddenly he's marrying
a much younger employee days after...
Don Bhengu is mentally unfit to lead.
We need to take action now
before he runs
the company into the ground.
It's time to pick a new head
of Bhengu Beauty.
♪ Hanging around waiting to die ♪
♪ Never been quite satisfied ♪
♪ A siren song... ♪
Bonga?
Bonga! No. no. no! Bonga!
No. No.
Oh my God!
What happened?
I'm so sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry...
What happened? What happened?
Talk to me. I need you to stay with me.
I didn't tell him.
Okay. okay. Shh. Shh.
I need to tell you something.
My brother's been shot.
We need an ambulance
at 67 Machaba Street.
67 Machaba Street. Hurry!
Talk to me.
Who did this to you?
Don.
Don?
Okay. okay. okay...
How did he find out about you?
I'm sorry.
It's okay. it's okay.
- I'm sorry.
- It's fine.
It was the detective.
It was the detective. I'm sorry.
It's okay. It's okay.
You'll be fine.
Okay. You'll be fine.
Help!
I'm sorry. I'm...
Okay. listen. Listen.
Look at me! Look at me!
Look at me!
We need to go. They're taking forever.
Dad.
Is that blood?
Dad. we need to talk.
Go back wherever you were.
No. Bonga is the one who
had Thando and I recorded at the party.
I think
he's working with Zinhle.
- Zinhle?
- Yes. Zinhle. Someone is trying to...
Someone's been trying
to destroy our family.
I think it's her.
You know nothing.
Dad. you can't fucking see it
because she's sleeping...
Finish that sentence
and see what happens!
Finish it!
This is way beyond you.
This is about what Grace and I did.
What did you do?
Dad. what did you and Grace do?
That's none of your business.
Okay. Okay. please...
Please don't marry Zinhle.
I don't trust her!
Who the hell are you to
tell me what and what not to do?
Aren't you still screwing
your father's ex-wife?
Have you no shame?
- I love her.
- Get...
Get the hell out of my house.
Get the hell out of my house. Linda!
Go!
Leave!
Bonga. I'm going to
need you to stay awake for me. okay.
We're almost there.
Bonga...
Remember I said I'll take you to Durban.
We're gonna go to the beach.
...just the two of us.
I'll take you there. Just the two of us.
Just get better and I'll take you there.
My sister...
Bonga?
Brother. wake up.
We're almost there. Look.
Please. look. look. look. look.
we're almost there. Bonga...
Brother?
No. no...
Bonga!
Bonga?
Wake up. I need you to wake up.
I still need you.
Bonga?
My brother!
Wake up!
Please. I'm sorry.
♪ My girl. my girl
Don't lie to me ♪
♪ Tell me where
Did you sleep last night? ♪
♪ In the pines. in the pines
Where the sun don't ever shine ♪
♪ I would follow the whole night through ♪
♪ My girl. my girl ♪
♪ Don't lie to me ♪
♪ Don't lie to me... ♪
Regina?
I've sent them all home.
I thought we could do dessert...
alone.
You like?
Stunning.
If I were to die tonight.
this was the last thing...
Mm-mm-mm.
Be careful what you wish for.
How was the rest of your day?
The planner sent me...
Let's not talk about that tonight.
Let's talk dessert.
That sounds good.
What is this for?
Trust me. baby.
Gonna need all your strength tonight.
No. no. no.
Drink.
Zinhle...
Call the ambulance.
I'm not doing that.
What is this?
I think I'm having a heart attack.
Call the ambulance now!
I'm in charge now. Don.
I'll call the ambulance
under one condition.
You confess to how
Bhengu Beauty really started.
What the hell is this?
Look at this.
Do you see it?
This is from your tests
with Kolobe and Grace.
Now I need you...
Ah-ah-ah.
Now. I need you to tell
everyone what you did to us
on camera.
Another one.
You killed my brother Bonga!
And my sister died because of your poison.
That's why I'm here.
To make you pay.
Zinhle?
Please...
Please call the ambulance.
If you don't. I'll die.
Not if you do as I say.
Time is running out.
It was all Grace's idea. okay.
She masterminded the whole thing.
Burned down the house herself.
But you locked us up in there
when we were sleeping.
She set the house on fire.
That changes nothing!
No one is coming to save you. Donovan.
You need to tell the truth...
or die.
Noni. don't make the water too hot.
What...
Whatever happened to celebrating
with a good old bottle of champagne?
Son. I need to look rested tomorrow
when the news come out.
Uh-huh.
Mom. I'm sure you can afford just a sip.
Okay.
And should I
make a toast for you or...
Oh. no. no. no.
as the new CEO of Bhengu Beauty.
I'll make my own toast.
Thank you very much.
Mm-hmm.
To getting everything I deserve.
And for giving Don and Zinhle
everything they'll deserve.
I'll drink to that.
And to Grace Bhengu. of course.
To Grace Bhengu.
We tested them on children.
The money we made from the bleaches
is what funded Bhengu Beauty.
Zinhle. please call
the ambulance now before I die.
Ugh. stop being so dramatic.
it's not a heart attack.
You're just reacting to some drugs.
What?
You're high.
Unlike you...
I'm not a killer.
Everything you love
is about to go up in flames.
This is only the beginning.
You little...
Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God.
Don?
Don!
Don. stop fucking around.
Wake the fuck up. Don!
Shit. Okay. okay.
Okay. think. think. think. think...
Fuck.
Fuck!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-